New guides and concepts (#19261)
docker/docs: content/guides/get-started/develop-with-containers.md

- **Traefik proxy** - [Traefik](https://traefik.io/traefik/) is an application proxy that routes requests to the right service. It sends all requests for `localhost/api/*` to the backend, requests for `localhost/*` to the frontend, and then requests for `db.localhost` to phpMyAdmin. This provides the ability to access all applications using port 80 (instead of different ports for each service).

With this environment, you as the developer didn't need to install or configure any services, populate a database schema, configure database credentials, or anything. You only needed Docker Desktop! The rest just worked!

## Make changes to the app

With this environment up and running, let's make a simple change to the application and see how Docker helps provide a fast feedback loop.

### Change the greeting

The greeting at the top of the page is populated by an API call at `/api/greeting`. Currently, it always returns "Hello world!". Let's modify it to return one of three randomized messages (that you'll get to choose).

1. Open the `backend/src/routes/getGreeting.js` file. This file provides the handler for the API endpoint.

> 2. Modify the variable at the top to an array of greetings. Feel free to use the ones provided below or any customize it to your own liking!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Modify the variable at the top to an array of greetings. Feel free to use the following modifications or customize it to your own liking!
```

    ```js {linenos=table,hl_lines=["1-5"],linenostart=1}
    const GREETINGS = [
        "Whalecome!",
        "All hands on deck!",
        "Charting the course ahead!",
    ];

    module.exports = async (req, res) => {
    ...
    ```

3. Now, update the endpoint to send a random greeting from this list by making the following change:

    ```js {linenos=table,hl_lines=[3],linenostart=7}
    module.exports = async (req, res) => {
        res.send({
            greeting: GREETINGS[ Math.floor( Math.random() * GREETINGS.length )],
        });
    };
    ```

4. If you haven't done so yet, save the file. If you refresh your browser, you should see a new greeting. If you keep refreshing, you should see all of the messages appear.

    ![Screenshot of the to-do app with a new greeting of "Whalecome!"](images/develop-app-with-greetings.webp)

### Change the placeholder text

> When you look at the app, you'll see the placeholder text is simply "New Item". Let's make that a little more descriptive and fun! We'll also make a few changes to the styling of the app too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you look at the app, you'll see the placeholder text is simply "New Item". You'll now make that a little more descriptive and fun! You'll also make a few changes to the styling of the app too.
```

1. Open the `client/src/components/AddNewItemForm.jsx` file. This provides the component to add a new item to the to-do list.

2. Modify the `placeholder` attribute of the `Form.Control` element to whatever you'd like to display.

    ```js {linenos=table,hl_lines=[5],linenostart=33}
    <Form.Control
        value={newItem}
        onChange={(e) => setNewItem(e.target.value)}
        type="text"
        placeholder="What do you need to do?"
        aria-label="New item"
    />
    ```

3. Save the file and go back to your browser. You should see the change already hot-reloaded into your browser. If you don't like it, feel free to tweak it until it looks just right!

![Screenshot of the to-do app with an updated placeholder in the add item text field"](images/develop-app-with-updated-placeholder.webp)

### Change the background color

> Before we consider the application finalized, we need to make the colors better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you consider the application finalized, you need to make the colors better.
```

1. Open the `client/src/index.scss` file.

2. Adjust the `background-color` attribute to any color you'd like. The provided snippet is a soft blue to go along with Docker's nautical theme.

    If you're using an IDE, you can pick a color using the integrated color pickers. Otherwise, feel free to use an online [Color Picker](https://www.w3schools.com/colors/colors_picker.asp).

    ```css {linenos=table,hl_lines=2,linenostart=3}
    body {
        background-color: #E5F2FC;
        margin-top: 50px;
        font-family: 'Lato';
    }
    ```

    Each save should let you see the change immediately in the browser. Keep adjusting it until it's the perfect setup for you!

    ![Screenshot of the to-do app with a new placeholder and background color"](images/develop-app-with-updated-client.webp)

And with that, you're done! Congrats on updating your website! :tada:

## Recap

> Before we move on, let's take a moment and reflect on what happened here. Within a few moments, you were able to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you move on, take a moment and reflect on what happened here. Within a few moments, you were able to:
```

> - **Start a complete development project with _zero_ installation effort.** The containerized environment provided the development environment, ensuring you have everything you need. You didn't have to install Node, MySQL, or any of the other dependencies directly on your machine. All you needed was Docker Desktop and a code editor.

Reviewer: Suggest avoiding emphasis (bold & italics)

> - **Make changes and see them immediately.** This was made possible because 1) the processes running in each container are watching and responding to file changes and 2) the files are shared with the containerized environment.

Reviewer: Suggest avoiding emphasis (bold)
